New Policy Regarding Python Compatibility for Collections (#151)
ansible-collections/overview: collection_requirements.rst

  
* MUST be published to `Ansible Galaxy <https://galaxy.ansible.com>`_.

Python Compatibility
====================

> Collection should be developed and tested against both Python 2.6(or greater) and Python 3.5(or greater) as Ansible supports wide variety of machines and also it should adhere to the tips mentioned in the official Ansible Development Guide [here](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/developing_python_3.html#ansible-and-python-3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Collection should be developed and tested against both Python 2.6 (or greater) and Python 3.5 (or greater) as Ansible supports wide variety of machines and also it should adhere to the tips mentioned in the official Ansible Development Guide [here](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/developing_python_3.html#ansible-and-python-3).
```

> Collection should be developed and tested against both Python 2.6(or greater) and Python 3.5(or greater) as Ansible supports wide variety of machines and also it should adhere to the tips mentioned in the official Ansible Development Guide [here](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/developing_python_3.html#ansible-and-python-3).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Collection should be developed and tested against both Python 2.6 (or greater) and Python 3.5 (or greater) as Ansible supports wide variety of machines and also it should adhere to the tips mentioned in the official [Ansible Development Guide](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/developing_python_3.html#ansible-and-python-3).
```

  
* MUST be published to `Ansible Galaxy <https://galaxy.ansible.com>`_.

Python Compatibility
====================

> Collection SHOULD be developed and tested against both Python 2.6 (or greater) and Python 3.5 (or greater) as Ansible supports wide variety of machines and also it should adhere to the tips mentioned in the official Ansible Development Guide [here](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/developing_python_3.html#ansible-and-python-3).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Collection SHOULD be developed and tested against both Python 2.6 (or greater) and Python 3.5 (or greater) as Ansible supports wide variety of machines and also it should adhere to the tips mentioned in the official [Ansible Development Guide](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/developing_python_3.html#ansible-and-python-3).
```

> Also note, if the Collections does not support Python 2.6 and Python 3.5 explicitly then kindly take the below points into consideration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also note, if the Collections does not support Python 2.6 and/or Python 3.5 explicitly then kindly take the below points into consideration:
```

  
* MUST be published to `Ansible Galaxy <https://galaxy.ansible.com>`_.

Python Compatibility
====================

> Collection SHOULD be developed and tested using the below Python recommendations as Ansible supports wide variety of machines and also it should adhere to the tips mentioned in the official [Ansible Development Guide](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/developing_python_3.html#ansible-and-python-3).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A collection SHOULD be developed and tested using the below Python recommendations as Ansible supports a wide variety of machines. The collection should adhere to the tips mentioned in the official [Ansible Development Guide](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/developing_python_3.html#ansible-and-python-3).
```

> Collection SHOULD be developed and tested using the below Python recommendations as Ansible supports wide variety of machines and also it should adhere to the tips mentioned in the official [Ansible Development Guide](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/developing_python_3.html#ansible-and-python-3).

Reviewer: Included in above.

Python Requirements
-------------------

> Python requirements for a collection varies between controller-environment and other-environment. On the controller-environment, the python versions required may be higher than what is required on the other-environment's. While developing a collection, you need to understand the definitions of both  controller-environment and other-environment that will help choose Python versions accordingly: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python requirements for a collection varies between controller-environment and other-environment. On the controller-environment, the Python versions required may be higher than what is required on the other-environment's. While developing a collection, you need to understand the definitions of both  controller-environment and other-environment that will help choose Python versions accordingly: 
```

> Python requirements for a collection varies between controller-environment and other-environment. On the controller-environment, the Python versions required may be higher than what is required on the other-environment's. While developing a collection, you need to understand the definitions of both  controller-environment and other-environment that will help choose Python versions accordingly: 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Python requirements for a collection varies between controller-environment and other-environment. On the controller-environment, the Python versions required may be higher than what is required on the other-environment. While developing a collection, you need to understand the definitions of both  controller-environment and other-environment to help you choose Python versions accordingly: 
```

- `controller-environment`: The plugins/modules always run in the same environment (Python interpreter, venv, host, etc) as ansible-core itself.
- `other-environment`: It is possible, even if uncommon in practice, for the plugins/modules to run in a different environment than ansible-core itself.

> One ideal scenario where the `even if` clause comes into play is when using Cloud modules. These modules mostly run on the controller node but in some environments, the controller might run on one machine inside a demilitarized zone which can't directly access the cloud machines. The user has to have the cloud modules run on a bastion host/jump server which has access to the cloud machines.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
One ideal scenario where the `even if` clause comes into play is when using Cloud modules. These modules mostly run on the controller node but in some environments, the controller might run on one machine inside a demilitarized zone which cannot directly access the cloud machines. The user has to have the cloud modules run on a bastion host/jump server which has access to the cloud machines.
```

Reviewer: Included in above.

**Controller-environment**

In the controller environment, collections MUST support Python 2 (version 2.7) and Python 3 (Version 3.6 and higher), unless required libraries do not support these versions. Collections SHOULD also support Python v3.5 if all required libraries support this version. 

**Other-environment**

In the other environment, collections MUST support Python 2 (version 2.7) and Python 3 (Version 3.6 and higher), unless required libraries do not support these versions. Collections SHOULD also support Python v2.6 and v3.5 if all required libraries support this version.

**Note**

> If the Collections does not support Python 2.6 and/or Python 3.5 explicitly then kindly take the below points into consideration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the collection does not support Python 2.6 and/or Python 3.5 explicitly then kindly take the below points into consideration:
```

> - Not supporting Python 2.6 on the managed node means that you are dropping support for RHEL6, which has extended support until 2024. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Not supporting Python 2.6 in the other environment means that you are dropping support for RHEL6, which has extended support until 2024. 
```

- Not supporting Python 3.5 means that Python 2.7 has to be installed on Ubuntu Xenial (16.04) and that you have to support Python 2.7.

> - Also, note that dropping support for a Python version for an existing module/plugin is a breaking change, and thus requires a major release. Hence, a collection MUST announce dropping support for Python versions in their changelog, if possible to announce in advance (i.e. in previous versions when support will be dropped).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, note that dropping support for a Python version for an existing module/plugin is a breaking change, and thus requires a major release. Hence, a collection MUST announce dropping support for Python versions in their changelog, if possible to announce in advance (i.e. in previous versions when support will be dropped).
```

> Standards and conventions while developing module utilities for collection

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Standards and conventions for developing module utilities in a collection
```

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

> - `module_utils` can be marked for only internal use in the collection, but they MUST document this and MUST use a leading underscore for filenames.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `module_utils` and `plugin_utils` can be marked for only internal use in the collection, but they MUST document this and MUST use a leading underscore for filenames.
```

- It is a breaking change when you make an existing `module_utils` private and in that case the collection requires a major version bump.

- Below are some recommendations for `module_utils` documentation: 

> 1. no docstring = everything we recommend for `other-environment` is supported
> 2. docstring 'Python versions supported: as for controller-environment' = everything we recommend for `controller-environment` is supported
> 3. docstring with specific versions otherwise: 'Python versions supported: '

Reviewer: ```suggestion

  1. no docstring = everything we recommend for `other-environment` is supported
  2. docstring `'Python versions supported: as for controller-environment'` = everything we recommend for `controller-environment` is supported
  3. docstring with specific versions otherwise: `'Python versions supported: '`
```

**Other-environment**

In the other environment, collections MUST support Python 2 (version 2.7) and Python 3 (Version 3.6 and higher), unless required libraries do not support these versions. Collections SHOULD also support Python v2.6 and v3.5 if all required libraries support this version.

**Note**

If the collection does not support Python 2.6 and/or Python 3.5 explicitly then kindly take the below points into consideration:

- Not supporting Python 2.6 in the other environment means that you are dropping support for RHEL6, which has extended support until 2024. 

- Not supporting Python 3.5 means that Python 2.7 has to be installed on Ubuntu Xenial (16.04) and that you have to support Python 2.7.

Also, note that dropping support for a Python version for an existing module/plugin is a breaking change, and thus requires a major release. Hence, a collection MUST announce dropping support for Python versions in their changelog, if possible in advance (for example, in previous versions before support is dropped).

> Standards and conventions for developing module utilities in a collection
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Standards and conventions for developing shared utilities in a collection
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

* You MUST run ``ansible-test sanity`` from the `latest stable ansible-base/ansible-core branch <https://github.com/ansible/ansible/branches/all?query=stable->`_. 

>   * Collections must run an equivalent of ``ansible-test sanity --docker``. If they do not use ``--docker``, they must make sure that all tests run, in particular the compile and import tests (which should run for all Python versions). However, collections can choose to skip certain Python versions that they explicitly do not support; this needs to be documented in ``README.md`` and in every module and plugin (hint: use a docs fragment) but we always recommend to review our [Python Compatibility](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/developing_python_3.html#ansible-and-python-3) section for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Collections must run an equivalent of ``ansible-test sanity --docker``. If they do not use ``--docker``, they must make sure that all tests run, in particular the compile and import tests (which should run for all Python versions). However, collections can choose to skip certain Python versions that they explicitly do not support; this needs to be documented in ``README.md`` and in every module and plugin (hint: use a docs fragment). Please review our [Python Compatibility](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/developing_python_3.html#ansible-and-python-3) section for more details.
```
The sentence got too long which is not good for readability, IMO.

Reviewer 2: I update the suggestion

* You MUST run ``ansible-test sanity`` from the `latest stable ansible-base/ansible-core branch <https://github.com/ansible/ansible/branches/all?query=stable->`_. 

>   * Collections must run an equivalent of ``ansible-test sanity --docker``. If they do not use ``--docker``, they must make sure that all tests run, in particular the compile and import tests (which should run for all [supported Python versions](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/developing_python_3.html#ansible-and-python-3). Collections can choose to skip certain Python versions that they explicitly do not support; this needs to be documented in ``README.md`` and in every module and plugin (hint: use a docs fragment). However we strongly recommend to follow [Ansible Python Compatibility](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/developing_python_3.html#ansible-and-python-3) section for more details.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * Collections must run an equivalent of ``ansible-test sanity --docker``. If they do not use ``--docker``, they must make sure that all tests run, in particular the compile and import tests (which should run for all [supported Python versions](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/developing_python_3.html#ansible-and-python-3). Collections can choose to skip certain Python versions that they explicitly do not support; this needs to be documented in ``README.md`` and in every module and plugin (hint: use a docs fragment). However we strongly recommend you follow the [Ansible Python Compatibility](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/developing_python_3.html#ansible-and-python-3) section for more details.
```

Reviewer 5: I might add "that" here - as in, "recommend that you follow the . . . "
